1. Where did Turing go to college?

  King's College (a branch of Cambridge)

2. What was the first large problem Turing solved while he was still in college?
   Briefly describe what the problem is.

   The decision problem, which was proving that there is no such machine or
   algorithm that can take an input statement and determine if it is
   universally valid.

3. What did Turing do during WWII?

  Turing worked as a crypto-analyst for the Allies, cracking ciphers and
  eventually building a machine that could automatically decrypt messages
  called the Bombe.

4. Explain what the Bombe machine does.

  A device used to decrypt German enigma-machine-encrypted messages during
  WWII. It would try hundreds of combination per second to decipher messages.

5. What was the goal of Turing after the war while working at NPL?

  To create artificial intelligence so complex that it could fool a human
  into thinking it itself was a human.

6. What is the qualification a computer must meet for it to be considered
   artificial intelligence?

   It must pass the turing test, where the computer and another human both
   answer questions given by a human judge, and that judge must determine
   which (if any) of the responses are from a machine. If they are unable to,
   that machine is considered to pass.

7. How did Turing die? What was he convicted of, and what was his sentencing?

  Suicide by cyanide-injected apple. He was convicted of homosexuality, and
  sentenced to chemical castration.

8. What is the Turing Law?

  An amnesty law to pardon men who were convicted of homosexual acts and
  punished for them. This was created shortly after Turing's pardon in 2013.

9. What is the Turing Test?

  A computer and a human both answer questions given by a human judge, and that
  judge must determine which (if any) of the responses are from a machine. If
  they are unable to, that machine is considered to pass.

10. What is the Loebner Prize?

  It is the oldest turing test contest, where several chatbots compete for
  sounding the most 'human.'

11. Has any of the chatbots competing in the Loebner Prize managed to fool a
    judge into believing it was human?

    Yes, Elbot of Artifical Solutions managed to fool three judges into
    believing it was human during the 2008 competition.
