1. How exactly is an algorithm defined in the video?
   A set of steps to accomplish a task.

2. List four algorithms mentioned in the video and their application(s).
   Audio/video compression algorithms (for streaming video/audio feeds).
   Route finding algorithms (finding a good route from point A to B).
   Rendering algorithms (Correct shading of 3d models in a game/movie).
   Optimization and scheduling algorithms (arrangement and rearrangement of
   solar panels on the ISS).

3. How do computer scientists measure the efficiency of an algorithm? Why is this better than simply running the code and timing how long it takes to run?
   They use asymptotic analysis which allows them to measure the efficiency of an algorithm regardless of the hardware that program's running on, what
   language is was written or the size of the input.

4. After completing the Guessing Game section of the Khan Academy lesson, answer the following questions:

   A. How many guesses did it take you to find the number on the game with numbers 1 to 300?
      8 guesses.

   B. Explain, in your own words, the technique that you used when deciding what number to guess next.
      I used a binary search approach, starting at the halfway point of the set of available numbers,
      with each subsequent guess always being at the halfway point until I reached the answer.

   C. Why should you never need more than 9 guesses? (Can you think of a mathematical explanation)?
      You wouldn't need any more than 9 guesses because the maximum amount of guesses when using a
      binary approach is log2(the amount of numbers) and in this case log2 of 300 is less than 9.

   D. What is the max. number of guesses it would take if the numbers were from 1 to 1,000,000?
      It would be log2(1000000) or 17 guesses.

   E. Can you provide a formula for the max. number of guesses for numbers in the range between 1 to N
      log2(N)
      
   F. What is the big-O time of the formula you provided?
      O(log n)
