Homework 13 Questions:
  Questions derived from first article:
    1. The object of the game is to find the shortest path between an actor and
       Kevin Bacon where an intermediary connection can only be made between
       two actors who have appeared in the same movie.

    2. 1,605,485 actors as of April 28th, 2013.

    3. 0.02049225% of actors have a Bacon number of 7 or higher (or 329 out of
       1,605,485 actors).

    4. An average Bacon number of 2.994 means that - on average - every actor in
       the IMDB as of April 28th, 2013 is about 3 movies separated from Kevin
       Bacon.

    5. The Kevin Bacon game corresponds to the shortest path problem in graph
       theory.

    6. Dijkstra's algorithm works better for edges that have varying 'weights'
       (usually representing a numeric distance between two vertices). In the
       case of finding the shortest path between two actors, which movies the
       actors have been in and who the cast of a movie were are the only concern
       when creating the path. Using Dijkstra's algorithm for the Kevin Bacon
       game would be inefficient because every edge in the actor/movie graph
       has the same weight, causing more comparisons than Breadth-First search.

    7. Dijkstra's algorithm really shines when the weight of a graph's edges are
       a contributing factor in computing the shortest path between two
       vertices.

    8.  A graph containing cities and the roads leading to/from them would have
        weighted edges; with the weight in this case representing the distance
        between two connected cities. Applications such as Google Maps or a
        car's GPS implement some version of Dijkstra's algorithm when computing
        the most efficient route.

    9. A list of 1000 actors where the average degree of separation between them
       and all other actors is as small as possible.

    10. 3 screenshots uploaded; the actress that had no path to Kevin Bacon was
        Dorothy Gibson, a titanic survivor whose last credit was in a silent
        film by the name "Saved by the titanic" where she relived the tragedy in
        the same clothing she was in the night of the sinking.

  Questions derived from second article:
    1. Degrees of separation are the number of vertices/edges separating two
       vertices.

    2. 1.59 billion users were on Facebook at the time of this article.

    3. 3.46 degrees.

    4. A) 50 * 50 = 2,500 friends-of-friends of a person.
       B) 50 * 50 * 50 = 125,000 friends-of-friends-of-friends of a person.

    5. Using Breath-First search would require a monumental amount of memory
       and processing time as for every Facebook user, their path of friends
       has to be calculated while also requiring additional memory in order to
       filter duplicate friends; such an operation would also have to be done
       roughly 1.6 billion times.

    6. They use a statistical algorithm called the Flajolet-Martin algorithm,
       which approximates the number of unique people using a numeric hash
       while counting the trailing zeroes in the binary representation of that
       hash. This algorithm trades the accuracy of, let's say, a Breadth-First
       search with efficiency both in memory and time; but that does still mean
       the results are an estimation and not exact.

    7. Apache Giraph, an iterative graph processing system that's designed to be
       highly scalable. It can process huge graph representations of data (like
       Facebook users) as well as provide data analytics tools for computing
       statistical data.

    8. It refers to the analysis of a graph to retrieve relational data (like
       Facebook friends or movies/actors) on a scale of billions of data points.
